Published
=========

See the collection on the Steam Workshop:
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1615003823

ttt_mk_bunker
-------------

My first map in forever.  Just playing with some of the items and events
in TTT, and remembering how to lay out a map.

Six largeish interconnected rooms; should be enough space for an alright
game as long as there aren't too many people.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1555472815


ttt_mk_diem6
------------

"Inspired" by a classic Quake deathmatch map.

Simple traitor room, a couple of traps, but otherwise very few bells or whistles.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1837135700


ttt_mk_e1m1[_tex]
-----------------

An homage to the classic `e1m1` map from the original 1996 game Quake.
Includes versions with and without real textures.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1555490563


ttt_mk_mazy
-----------

It's a bit of a maze, but shouldn't be too hard to navigate. A couple
of traitor devices always add a little flavour.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1615001499


ttt_mk_pit
----------

Beneath an industrial site, a deep, dank pit that hints at a time long
forgotten...

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2249845521


ttt_mk_squares
--------------

An experiment: a bunch of cubes, each with its own style and theme,
connected to each other by *glitches in the matrix*.

I have no idea if there's any flow or rhythm to this map -- probably not
much -- but you can't see from cube to cube, so there's plenty of
opportunity for shenanigans if you can split everybody up.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1614989740


ttt_mk_strikeforce
------------------

Ever wonder what it would be like to play Warhammer 40,000 9th Edition,
from the point of view of a mini? If so, you're pretty strange.

This map is one representation of what it might be like to be
approximately 1/32 your regular height and placed on a (relatively)
giant 60"Ã—44" table, in an impossibly (relatively) giant room,
surrounded by ruins and terrain pieces and objectives and stuff, set up
for a standard Strike Force mission.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2239704115


ttt_mk_trenches
---------------

It's war.  Defend your entrenchments from the combine.  But watch out,
there are traitors in your midst...

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1615017940

**Note:** this pack contains two maps, `ttt_mk_trenches2` has some
mildly tweaked geometry, and replaces all Combine soliders with
headcrab-based shenanigans.


ttt_mk_wasteland
----------------

A small map with only a few traitor options.  This one has a proper 3D
skybox, and includes AI node paths to make any spawned NPCs that little
bit more effective.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1566900565


ttt_mk_whiteout
---------------

A snowy map, with a large open middle and some fiddly bits around the
edges.  Experimenting with the usual TTT tropes: a tester, a traitor
room, various traps and secrets.

* https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1555490065


Unpublished
===========

ttt_mk_flufy
------------

Started out as a proof-of-concept, recreating a scene from pictures.
I added enough things (including an entire underground zone) to
hopefully make it playable, but it was never designed for gameplay.


ttt_mk_weird_stuff
------------------

Just like it says on the box.  Experimenting with features like
displacements, and different clipping surfaces, and people in the
skybox.  Probably sniper heaven.

Includes node paths (in `graphs/`)
